PLUGIN :

IF:
manipulate data before is saved OR make validations before submitting the operation 
     OR cancel an operation based on your validations OR immediate response to the user is needed 
     OR retrieve values and/or take actions after operation has been completed (i.e. getting an autogenerated id)
Flexible can run in context of user, system or specific.
PRE-EVENT asynchronous plug-ins are not supported !!!! Can only run for 2 minutes
Only run as result of event TRIGGER
Can run offline
Can render CHILDREN
you need to manipulate data before is saved.
you need to make validations before submitting the operation.
you want to be able to cancel an operation based on your validations.

CUSTOM WF :

IF:
simple tasks : such as sending an e-mail or creating / updating assigning records OR  allow an advanced user to make changes to logic
OR the logic should be available to be run on demand OR you want to send emails making use of templates and attaching files

Always run in the context of owner of  workflow
Can run for long time
Can run on demand
User can track progress
Can’t run offline
Real Time Workflow (NOT BACKGROUND) has TRANSACTION

PROCESS WF :

Workflows are always post operation.

Regarding to security:

Workflows triggered automatically will run under the security context of the workflow owner. 
On the contrary, if executed ONDEMAND, the security context of the user who executed the workflow will be used.

Plug-ins execute under the security context of the CRM Web application pool identity (typically NETWORK SERVICE). 
As this account typically maps to generic CRM SYSTEM user this typically works fine.
// https://cloudblogs.microsoft.com/dynamics365/no-audience/2010/06/25/plug-ins-vs-workflows-in-microsoft-dynamics-crm/

IMAGES:


Message	Stage	Pre-Image	Post-Image
Create	PRE	  No	      No
Create	POST	No	      Yes
Update	PRE 	Yes	      No
Update	POST	Yes	      Yes
Delete	PRE	  Yes	      No
Delete	POST	Yes      	No

PIPELINE STAGES:

Event   Stage name       Stage number     Description

Pre-Event Pre-validation 10             May execute outside the database transaction. prior to security checks.

Pre-Event Pre-operation  20             Within the database transaction.

Core Operation MainOperation 30         In-transaction main operation of the system, such as create, update, delete, and so on.
                                                    For internal use only.

Post-Event  Post-operation   40         Within the database transaction.
